Added Alex to projects we sponsor (#2539)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/growth/marketing/open-source-sponsorship.mdx

| [rrweb]                      | [yz-yu]    | Powers our session recording functionality                                | [GitHub Sponsors][github-sponsors]      | $100                   |
| [graphile/worker]            | [benjie]   | Powering scheduled jobs, retries and other logic for the [plugin-server]  | [GitHub Sponsors][github-sponsors]      | $100                   |
| [Django REST Framework][drf] | [encode]   | Powers the PostHog REST APIs                                              | Directly                                | $400                   |

> | [alex]                       | [wooorm]   | We use it for writing content                                           | [GitHub Sponsors][github-sponsors]      | $5                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [alex]                       | [wooorm]   | We use it for improving the content we write                                           | [GitHub Sponsors][github-sponsors]      | $5                     |
```

> | [alex]                       | [wooorm]   | We using it for writing content                                           | [GitHub Sponsors][github-sponsors]      | $5                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [alex]                       | [wooorm]   | We use it for writing content                                           | [GitHub Sponsors][github-sponsors]      | $5                     |
```
